Initial tutorial rewrite for GlobusApp (#1145)
globus/globus-sdk-python: docs/user_guide/getting_started/register_app.rst

.. _tutorial_register_app:

Registering a Globus Auth App
=============================

An OAuth2 Client, also sometimes called an "app", represents an application or
script.

When a user logs in to an application, they grant consent for the client to
perform certain actions, and the client is issued appropriate credentials for

> those actions.

Author: I don't agree with the latter half of this, but I can take `into` and `must grant consent`.

There is a direct connection between the login flow and the first tokens issued to the client. I think it's important that a login flow terminates with the client having been issued the tokens associated with that login. You don't login sans-tokens and then later have the client callout to get tokens.

Having your own app registered with the service also lets you set certain app-level
settings for user logins, and keeps your application isolated from everyone
else's apps using the service.

.. note::

    SDK Tutorials and Examples frequently make use of the "tutorial client ID".
    This makes the examples work if you copy and run them, but using the
    tutorial client for production use cases is not recommended or supported.

Developers who wish to learn more about OAuth2 at Globus are encouraged to read
the `Clients, Scopes, and Consents
<https://docs.globus.org/guides/overviews/clients-scopes-and-consents/>`_
documentation.

> App Types & Native App
> ----------------------
> 
> There are several different types of applications which you can register with
> Globus Auth.
> 
> For simplicity, this tutorial will only cover how to create a
> "Native App" -- this is the suitable type of application for scripts and
> distributed applications which can't have a secret associated with them.
> 
> Creating a Native App
> ---------------------

Reviewer: This first section is small enough that I'd consolidate it into a pre-amble to the next one.

```suggestion
Creating a Native App
---------------------

There are 2 different types of clients available for registration in Globus Auth.

For simplicity, this tutorial will only cover registration of the "Native App" type.
This is suitable for scripts and distributed applications which aren't able to
use secrets.

Steps
^^^^^
```

Author: I like moving this under the header, but
> There are 2 different types of clients available for registration in Globus Auth.

This is not true. There are actually _many_ different options for registration (including GCSv5 as a special case, for example) -- we just limit ourselves to three or four different types which are supported via Globus App, represented by our two different GlobusApp subtypes.

At a minimum we have: native app (UserApp with client ID only), client credentials grant only (ClientApp), thick client / portal (UserApp with client ID and secret), and templated client app (UserApp with client ID and secret, same as a thick client?).

In Auth, clients are not strictly categorized in this way (or at least, didn't used to be, maybe it has changed), but have a listing of permitted grant types to use. So really the suite of possible app types is something like the full set of combinations over
- client credentials
- authorization code grant
- pkce authorization code grant
- implicit grant

And separately there's a question of parent/child client relationships, which I'm not sure how it impacts these.

Author: I moved it under the header, took the second paragraph of text from the suggestion, but kept the original first sentence.
